Of course we can also give our shapes different
colors. To do so we just need to define it. In
our example, i will just draw a simple circle
in the center of our canvas so 200 X, 200 Y
and a diameter of 100. And the default color for
all our shapes is always a fill of white and a
stroke of black. And if we want to change the fill
we simply use the "fill" command and now we can
use the same color parameters as we used for the
"background" function. For example to make it red,
we can simply provide it with RGB values.
And if we want to change the stroke color,
we simply use the "stroke" command.
And for example, add a blue stroke which is hard
to see so we can also increase the stroke width,
to do so, we use the "strokeWeight" command.
And now we can simply define how many pixels
the stroke should be. And now we can
clearly see that we have a blue stroke here.
If we want to add another shape here
let's add a circle to the right.
We can see that the second circle has the
same color values than our previous circle.
And this is again because of the order of our
code. So again it goes from top to bottom.
Once we define a color at the top, this color
is being used for all commands that come
after this. And remember that the draw function
is being run in a loop, so if you draw something
before this, remember that once the draw function
is finished and it's starting again from the top,
the same settings that we had
at the end of the draw function,
are still set, so if for example i add a circle
here or simply move our circle to the top.
It still has the same colors, because of the
draw circle, if we want to change the colors
of our circle, we simply need to call the fill
command again and for example make it white.
And the color for the stroke
stays the same because again
it goes from top to bottom and keeps the settings.